[meta]
template = "meeting-notes.typ"
template_id = "meeting-notes"
template_version = "1.0.0"

[meeting]
title = "Q1 Product Roadmap Review"
date = "2026-02-12"
time = "14:00 - 15:30"
location = "Room 4B / Zoom"
organizer = "Sarah Chen"

[style]
primary_color = "#1a365d"
accent_color = "#e53e3e"

[[attendees]]
name = "Sarah Chen"
role = "Product Lead"
present = true

[[attendees]]
name = "Marcus Weber"
role = "Engineering"
present = true

[[attendees]]
name = "Priya Sharma"
role = "Design"
present = true

[[attendees]]
name = "Tom Kowalski"
role = "QA"
present = false

[[agenda]]
title = "Q4 retrospective"
duration = "15 min"
presenter = "Sarah"
notes = "Reviewed key metrics. Revenue up 12%, user retention improved by 8%."

[[agenda]]
title = "Feature prioritization for Q1"
duration = "30 min"
presenter = "Marcus"
notes = "Discussed three major initiatives. AI search scored highest on impact/effort matrix."

[[agenda]]
title = "Design system update"
duration = "20 min"
presenter = "Priya"
notes = "New component library ready for review. Migration plan needed for legacy pages."

[[agenda]]
title = "Release timeline"
duration = "15 min"
notes = "Targeting March 15 for v2.1 release."

[[decisions]]
text = "AI-powered search will be the top priority for Q1"
owner = "Marcus"

[[decisions]]
text = "Design system migration starts February 20"
owner = "Priya"

[[decisions]]
text = "Weekly sync reduced to 30 minutes"

[[actions]]
text = "Draft technical spec for AI search"
owner = "Marcus"
due = "Feb 19"

[[actions]]
text = "Set up design system migration board"
owner = "Priya"
due = "Feb 17"

[[actions]]
text = "Update Q1 OKRs with new priorities"
owner = "Sarah"
due = "Feb 14"

[[actions]]
text = "Schedule QA capacity planning"
owner = "Tom"
due = "Feb 21"

notes = "Next meeting scheduled for February 26. Marcus to send out pre-read for AI search spec by Feb 20."
